Literature Review

The behavior of consumers has always been a puzzle to businesses since their discernments towards a certain product or service varies from one to another. This does not only apply to physical store consumers but also to those who prefer online shopping. According to Huseynov and Yildrim (2014) that the lack of physical interaction seems to be a weakness in online shopping, the privacy of the buyer’s information, and lastly the security of financial transactions over the internet. In a study as well by Demangeot and Broderick (2010) shown that even ease of use does not affect the behavioral pattern of the consumer but rather influenced by security and privacy issues. In a study made by Dixit, Chaudhary, Kochhar, and Mishra (2014) they mentioned that the understanding of customer’s behavior toward these features and technological innovations became pertinent. Which is why a lot of companies who offers online products and services has invested more on building more secured websites to safeguard the information of their customers – not only the personal information but also their financials.

Technical Factors
    As Filipinos have more time in browsing their computer, laptops, and phones, another thing that could have an effect on the purchasing behavior of the online insurance consumers are its technical factors. According to Davis’ Technology Acceptance Model based on theory of reason actioned (1986), asserts that the acceptability of the information is determined on their attitude toward using the technology. In a study made by Khare (2012) he mentioned that the ease of use and its functionality plays a role part in the adoption of technology. It was also mentioned in Davis’ study that the functionality and user-friendly of a certain technology gives the consumer a sense of enjoyment in using it. It shows that consumer is happy on how he or she navigates around a certain website or application if it is easy to navigate to and it gives them the sense of satisfaction when using it.
    There are a two major factors that are being consider in creating a website and application for the consumers to appreciate it – design and functionality. In terms of design it should be clean, where the images and texts will not distract them from what they are really looking for such as the value proposition of certain application or website. The color scheme must be selected properly base on the theme of the website and application. The design always gets the eye of the users since it is a hundred-percent visual, thus, it should convey the message of a certain brand. For the functionality, this consist of the back-end processes of the website and application, a good content management system makes your website and application strong since CMS key functions are storing, indexing, search and retrieval, revision and access control, publishing and reporting. 
    
Insurance Brands
    There are a lot of insurance companies in the Philippines here and there, from life insurance, health insurance, and non-life insurance. Most of the known insurance brands here are those who have been operating in the Philippines for more than a decade already and for new players are those who exhibited good customer service and claims service for their short tenure here in country. In an article released by Pesolab (2021) the top five insurance companies here in the Philippines based on net income are Sun Life Canada (Philippines) Inc., The Philippine American Life and General Insurance Co., Inc., The Manufacturers Life Insurance Company (Phils.) Inc., Pru Life Insurance Corporation of UK, and Philippine Axa Life Insurance Corporation. According to Sarwar, F. (2014) the consumer decides to buy is based on the type of brand. She mentioned that brand loyalty has big role in a success of every type of brand since consumers can be loyal to a certain brand and could affect their purchasing behavior. These insurance brands have already made their consumers loyal to their brand and purchase insurance from them from kin to kin. Ashraf, M., Naeem, M., & Shahzadi M. (2017) mentioned that brands are just a mark, sign or some sort of symbol to differentiate their goods from one another but then it built other purposes which created value in the mind of the consumers. Brands can either be good or bad depends on how the consumers sees it. If a brand is good it can attract consumers, build and maintain relationships with them; however, if it is bad it will be a downside since there will be no consumers who would want to have their service and products again. 
    In the insurance industry, people will look at the brands, and will see it as testament of how these companies take care of their policy holders; how well they manage their after-sales service, how fast their beneficiary can claim, and the likes. More or less, the above mentioned insurance brands have proven that they can do all of these to their policy holders thus they have maintained a good brand loyalty out of their consumers.
    
Security Features
